I've had two days to think about it. Pretty sure 2012 was the funniest film of the year. Return of the B-movie.Went to see A Christmas  Carol and it was great!Went to see Pirate Radio tonight... absolutely loved it...currently finishing the Matrix marathon i joined when I got back home.@ymberlenis I watched men who stare at goats. It was not what I expected.Just watched Pirate Radio with @jessique and it was really good! Didn''t know anything about it but we just went for it! #successPS Pirate Radio has gotten GOOD reviews in most articles. It has a GREAT cast and is just an awesome movie if you LOVE music!Saw the men who stare at goats. two thumbs way way up. got MW2!!!!!!!! I'm gonna go play now. care to join?I want to see Pirate Radio. It looks good.Just saw Pirate Radio. It was crazy good and had great music.Saw the men who stare at goats today. One of the funniest movies I have seen in a long time.Watched Christmas Carol in IMAX-3D. Awesome experience. But the story could have been on the lighter side than using spirits. #Dickens.RT @Kritchkow Quick Movie Review: Pirate Radio = Bloody Brilliant!!Just saw Pirate Radio ... Phillip Seymour  Hoffman excellent as always. Great Flick.just watched Christmas Carol in 3D. i just wish it was snowing now. amazing. now off to bed!Went to the drive in and saw men who stare at goats. It was pretty funny (and a tad chilly!) Hello Fall!Just saw "Pirate Radio"  spectacular celebration of our music - you MUST see it - and bring someone under 20 so they can KNOW Rock & Roll!A Christmas Carol IMAX 3D = rock. I would watch a dog shit in IMAX 3D. Hell, I might even watch AVATAR, which is pretty much the same thing.Everyone I've talked to has said that 2012 is the most ridiculous movie they've ever seen.  Is it bad that I still really want to see it?Yeah he is amazing, I just watched Christmas Carol last night! And it was good!Men who stare at goats is pretty freaking stupid, the book is pretty good thoughDo yourselves a favor and go see Men Who Stare At Goats.  Really funny.BUSY day! celebrated Cody''s b-day late. Saw Christmas Carol movie. Better than I thought. Cody loved army cake. Now I''m 2 tired 2 sleep.why is my life ridiculous?!?!? ps pirate radio was really goodSaw Men Who Stare At Goats with my bro. Very funny movie... Loved it!GREAT JOB to the Cast & Crew of A Christmas Carol! Thank you for making this one of the best productions that I have ever been part of!Saw Pirate Radio, aka The Boat That Rocked, yesterday, and its pretty good stuff. Kinda like Almost Famous, but on a boat.Don't think of watching Men Who Stare At Goats. Possibly worst film of all time.No Bears today, so I went to go see "Pirate Radio." Greatest movie I have seen in a very long time. Highly recommended!!!Men Who Stare at Goats. In two hours. Woop, I'm excited!@swp79 just watched A Christmas Carol in 3D...I was bummed when I realized I payed 11 bucks (times 2) but it was worth it...very cool!Saw men who stare at goats. What the hell. That movie was terrible. I love stupid comedy, but that flick was just sadJust saw Pirate Radio with @mainb00 and @phl_jessejames, hella good movie!!! I miss hangin out with ''em...Saw Men Who Stare at Goats.  Liked it.  I shall now stare at things to try to kill them.RT @chinesD:watched 2012.so sick of this kind of movie,totally fake, can guess what will happen. so boring. //???????????It makes me very sad that 2012 was the #1 movie at the box office this weekend..don't encourage John Cusack to make crappy movies like this!Interesting nightt saw Christmas Carol; it was cuteee (: Nd had a reallly nice laugh .. sitting around talking and shit now.OMG "PIRATE RADIO". GO SEE IT IMMEDIATELY.Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats. ''Twas quite good.Saw Pirate Radio last night! I love movies that pay tribute to music! Discovered Duffy too! AMAZING!!Just saw Pirate Radio...it was pretty freaking awesome.Just seen "The Men Who Stare At Goats." Pretty damn funny, but with a bit of a weak plot. Still definitely worth a watch though.Just watched christmas carol in imax, it was great, noe eating messican foodSaw 2012 tonight...not impressed. Special effects are cool, but the over-all plot leaves a lot to be desired.@nickjfrost Saw Pirate Radio lhast nigt and thought it was a great deal of fun. Congrats on a fantastic performancesaw Men Who Stare At Goats and just didn''t get it.Just call me Thick Tricia... also? Pirate Radio is amazing.just came back from watching PIRATE RADIO, freaking awesome movie, if you love pirates, radio, and rock n roll, I URGE you to go and see itjust watched 2012. i am so sick of this kind of movie,totally fake, and i can guess what will happen. so boring.'Pirate Radio' is like chaos theory. Shit happens, then more, vaguely related shit happens. C.@Cynnergies Don't get me started on that damned movie. Sick. #2012@askjimmycarter Go see "The Men Who Stare At Goats"-- TOTALLY different experience!RT DAMN! @lwhitneyb: 2012 is the worst movie I've seen all year hands down.  I'd rather sit thru a Glitter marathon.I do not recommend seeing The Men Who Stare at Goats in the theater unless you like paying full price for plot holes.@RimaKaDe "crappy 2012 !!!!!!!!, std for blockbuster movie, boring !!!!!!!, thank god i watch it with my family, keeps me awake" < sts bams.WATCHED CHRISTMAS CAROL....A NICE MOVIE..@nickdecker Really? I hate seeing bad movies, I saw The Men Who Stare at Goats...lame. hahaOk, I saw this movie 'The Men Who Stare at Goats' last night. It was pretty strange but funny and good at the same time.Just watched Men who stare at Goats. A hilarious slam.Fantastic impromptu evening that started with watching The Men Who Stare at Goats which was delightful and then ended up at Poole's.  Mmmmstill don't undrstand why many people amazed by 2012. the story sucks, the actor sucks, a movie with no emotion, only the effect were great.Saw Pirate Radio with @lavystar & @elitistsnob last night. Was a great flick with a great soundtracksaw pirate radio yesterday :D great music and funny people lol2012 is a bad bad movie. Typical Hollywood masala flick. If u hvnt seen it yet, good for u, Don't waste ur time. I would give it 1.5/5Watched Christmas Carol tonight, my favorite story of redemption. Got me wondering though - isn''t it easy to to be redeemed of "not caring"?I just saw Pirate Radio.....and it was awesome!! Soundtrack is RIDICULOUS!!2012 is the worst movie I've seen all year hands down.  I'd rather sit thru a Glitter marathon.I enjoyed staring at MEN WHO STARE AT GOATS.A christmas carol was really awesome, and intense at parts. Loved it!i watched christmas carol last night and it was pretty sweet. i liked it. it''s quite scary but it''s good!! can''t wait till christmasJust watched pirate radio, good movie, just what I needed tonight, 4 out of 5 bills